now Russia's former Olympic figure
skating champion any proof schenker
hopes his ban will be lifted to allow
him to compete at the Sochi games in
2014 he's currently barred by the sports
governing body the ISU after pulling out
of last year's World Championship
through injury only to take part in
lucrative exhibitions shortly afterwards
but while his future hangs in the
balance there's a new team event which
could offer his country another chance
for gold because great job as more the
days of dominating the global figure
skating scene may be dwindling for
Russia as triple olympic medalist of
guinea pashenka has been declared
ineligible to compete but as the recent
World Championships in Moscow revealed
young talent could be in the pipeline 17
year old after watching ski claimant
bronze at his maiden world event and
there's even more good news for Russia
who look to impress at their first-ever
Winter Olympics in three years time with
one more skating gold up for grabs in
Sochi for the first time after the 2013
World Championships ten national teams
will qualify for the inaugural team
event at the Sochi games a team will
consist of two singles skaters male and
female plus one pair and a dance couple
six athletes in all Aleksandr Kerzhakov
is an Olympic champion himself and now
heads the country's figure skating
federation and he believes Russia stands
a good chance in the new event as none
of the traditional individual
disciplines are being ignored across the
country but competition is going to be
stiff the United States are among the
favourites they've got strong single
skaters as well as ice dancers even
though their Paris aren't as good then
there is Canada and France while in
countries like Japan they pay more
attention to the singles the idea behind
the team event at the Olympics is to try
and push all national federations to
develop all four existing components
proportionally something that the Soviet
Union and then Russia has always been
proud of and despite the recent death of
World and Olympic gold hope abounds that
Russia could be on track to revive their
metal fortunes in time for Sochi he'll
get off RT